[Music]
twenty-one uses for petroleum jelly you
don't know about many of us would like
to own just one inexpensive and
effective item that we can use for
self-care in fact this magical thing
exists believe it or not you can replace
almost all of your cosmetics products
with petroleum jelly how's this possible
watch the video and take note body care
bronzer before applying a bronzing cream
lubricate dry areas such as elbows and
knees with petroleum jelly the cream
will cover your skin evenly and you'll
get a beautiful tan soft scrub mix
petroleum jelly with abrasive particles
such as sea salt coffee or cane sugar
and use the resulting mixture as a body
scrub you'll notice the changes in your
skin very soon
persistent scent before spraying perfume
on the wrist and neck apply some
petroleum jelly to your skin it absorbs
and preserves the smell better baby
skincare you can also use petroleum
jelly to reduce diaper rash before
applying it wash the skin thoroughly and
pat dry with a towel petroleum jelly
forms a barrier that will help to
protect the skin from permanent exposure
to moisture face can wet makeup apply
some petroleum jelly to the eyelids
before using eye shadows the makeup will
last longer and get a slight moist gloss
this remedy doesn't cause irritation to
delicate skin because it's even used by
doctors when performing certain high
treatments eyebrows squeeze a drop of
petroleum jelly onto a clean brush and
comb the eyebrows giving the hairs the
desired direction it'll dry and the
eyebrows will keep the correct shape for
the whole day eyelashes apply a thin
layer of petroleum jelly to the
eyelashes before going to sleep it can
help them grow faster and thicker over
time makeup removal
soak a cotton ball with petroleum jelly
and use it to remove makeup it removes
even waterproof cosmetics regular use of
quality petroleum jelly improves skin
condition and helps you to avoid early
wrinkles lips using this product as a
lip balm will not only protect your lips
from weathering but also get rid of
roughness add a pinch of cinnamon to the
petroleum jelly and you'll get a lip
balm that gives your lips the desired
plumpness hair care styling to style
your hair rub petroleum jelly between
your fingers and apply it to your hand
now the main thing here as with other
styling gels is not to use too much
split ends recovering apply petroleum
jelly to dry hair ends and keep it on
for 15 to 20 minutes the product seals
the split ends and after several uses
the condition of the hair will be much
better hair mask you'll need one to two
teaspoons of petroleum jelly depending
on the length of your hair a few drops
of essential oil cinnamon for sealing
the shaft sage for shine mix the
ingredients and apply the mask over the
entire length wash off after one to two
hours to remove petroleum jelly easily
Pat the hair with a paper towel and warm
it with a blow-dryer before washing hair
dye protection apply petroleum jelly to
the hairline while working with henna or
dye it will protect the skin from
staining nail care
neat manicure when painting the nails
apply a little petroleum jelly to the
cuticle without touching the nail this
way you prevent the nail polish from
getting on the skin cuticle care
lubricate the cuticles with petroleum
jelly every night before going to bed
this will prevent the cuticles from
drying and won't let hang nails appear
shining nails if you regularly rub
Vaseline into the nail plate it will get
a glossy shine and become more solid
over time household needs adding shine
petroleum jelly will help to restore the
shine of natural or artificial leather
products like shoes bags and persons
apply a thin layer to the surface and
after a few seconds wipe it with a
natural cloth stuck zipper you'll cope
with a stuck zipper much more quickly if
you lubricate the problem area with
petroleum jelly you can also use it for
rusty buttons and furniture fittings
surface polish apply some petroleum
jelly o a piece of flannel cloth and use
it to wipe tablecloths and other wooden
surfaces furniture will shine and stay
clean for much longer because petroleum
jelly forms a layer that repels dust
removing makeup stains if you stained
your clothes with lipstick or foundation
apply a little petroleum jelly to the
stain then wash in the usual way nail
polish to prevent the nail polish lip
from sticking to the bottle after use
lubricate the thread inside the lid or
on the bottle with petroleum jelly have
we missed any great uses for petroleum
jelly what do you usually use this form
let us know in the comments below and
then watch for more of our videos about
the most awesome beauty tricks and don't
forget to click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]